[QA] docs: Complement upgrade docs and add note on k8s 1.19 (#251)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: README.md

## Known issues

- When using local volumes, elasticsearch might not start properly unless all worker nodes in the cluster has a local volume attatched to it.
- Users must explicitly be given privileges in Grafana, Elasticsearch and Kubernetes instead of automatically getting assigned roles based on group membership when logging in using OIDC.
- The OPA policies are not enforced by default.
  Unfortunately the policies breaks cert-manager so they have been set to "dry-run" by default.

> - Gatekeeper needs to be disabled in order to run apps on Kubernetes 1.19.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Gatekeeper needs to be disabled in order to run apps on Kubernetes v1.19 or greater.
```
